README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I am [Ricardo](https://ricsegundo.github.io), a Data Scientist currently based in Switzerland.

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/RicSegundo?label=Followers&logo=Github)](https://github.com/RicSegundo) [![Github](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=RicSegundo.RicSegundo)](https://github.com/RicSegundo)


## :lab_coat::earth_africa: I am a Chemical/Environmental Engineer by trade

- For almost 10 years I did research on how to improve water treatment methods
- I am passionate about:
  - :desktop_computer: Data
  - :keyboard: Programming
  - :books: Reading 
- :wind_face::sunny: I work at [Nispera AG](https://nispera.com) as a Data Scientist, analysing renewable assets data
- :open_book: Learning is my biggest passion and what motivates me the most! I am currently completing the Data Engineering Track at [DataCamp](http://www.datacamp.com/) and also trying to improve on my [QlikView/QlikSense](https://www.qlik.com) skills
- 📫 You can reach me via the contact form at the end of my [Personal Page](https://ricsegundo.github.io) - I am interested in discussing anything regarding Data and ML/Deep Learning.

<br />

## 💻 + 🧠 Current projects I am working on

- Most of the programming I do today is at work so I cannot share the code here, but you can check some of my early work at the [Bootcamp](https://github.com/RicSegundo/DataScienceBootcamp) repository, to find the projects I completed while studying at [Propulsion Academy](https://propulsion.academy)!

- I also publish the solutions to problems I solve at [HackerRank](https://github.com/RicSegundo/HackerRank), so feel free to check if you get stuck in any of them.

<br />

<!--
### How have I performed in the recent past?
[![Ricardo's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicSegundo&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_rank=false)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Languagess](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RicSegundo)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
-->

## :trophy: My Github Stats:

<div>
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicSegundo&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight">
  <img  align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicSegundo&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RicSegundo&hide=php&theme=tokyonight">
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RicSegundo&hide=php&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Update with current professional changes

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I am [Ricardo](https://greencoders.ch), a Data Professional currently based in Switzerland.

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/RicSegundo?label=Followers&logo=Github)](https://github.com/RicSegundo) [![Github](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=RicSegundo.RicSegundo)](https://github.com/RicSegundo)


## :lab_coat::earth_africa: I am a Chemical/Environmental Engineer by trade

- For almost 10 years I did research on how to improve water treatment methods
- I am passionate about:
  - :desktop_computer: Data
  - :keyboard: Programming
  - :books: Reading 
- :wind_face::sunny: I work at the Banking industry in the Data space
- :open_book: Learning is my biggest passion and what motivates me the most! I am currently completing the Data Engineering Track at [DataCamp](http://www.datacamp.com/) and also trying to improve on my [QlikView/QlikSense](https://www.qlik.com) skills
- 📫 You can reach me via the contact form at the end of my [Personal Page](https://ricsegundo.github.io) - I am interested in discussing anything regarding Data and ML/Deep Learning.

<br />

## 💻 + 🧠 Current projects I am working on

- Most of the programming I do today is at work so I cannot share the code here, but you can check some of my early work at the [Bootcamp](https://github.com/RicSegundo/DataScienceBootcamp) repository, to find the projects I completed while studying at [Propulsion Academy](https://propulsion.academy)!

- I also publish the solutions to problems I solve at [HackerRank](https://github.com/RicSegundo/HackerRank), so feel free to check if you get stuck in any of them.

<br />

<!--
### How have I performed in the recent past?
[![Ricardo's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicSegundo&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_rank=false)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Languagess](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RicSegundo)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
-->

## :trophy: My Github Stats:

<div>
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicSegundo&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight">
  <img  align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicSegundo&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RicSegundo&hide=php&theme=tokyonight">
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RicSegundo&hide=php&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
</div>
